Add Lets Encrypt ACME section to tls-registry-reference.adoc (#283)
cescoffier/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/tls-registry-reference.adoc

Once the Let's Encrypt certificate chain and private key have been successfully acquired, they are converted to PEM format and copied to your application's `.letsencrypt` folder. TLS registry is informed that a new certificate and private key are ready and it reloads them automatically.

Now, access your application's endpoint using `https://localhost:8443/` again. Confirm in the browser that your domain certificate is now signed by the Let's Encrypt certificate authority.

Note that currently, a Let's Encrypt account is created implicitly by the `issue-certificate` command to make it easy for users to get started with the ACME protocol. Support for the Let's Encrypt account management will evolve further.

[[lets-encrypt-renew-certificate]]
=== Renew certificate

Renewing certificates is similar to issuing the first certificate, but it requires an existing account created during the <<lets-encrypt-issue-certificate>> step.

Run the following command to renew your Let's Encrypt certificate:

[source, shell]
----
quarkus tls-registry lets-encrypt renew-certificate

> --domain=<domain-dns-name> <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --domain=<domain-dns-name> <1>
```

----

> <1> Set your domain name.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should not sotre this in the .letsencrypt directory actually (as an improvement for later), WDYT?

> During this command, TLS registry CLI reads a Let's Encrypt account information recorded during the <<lets-encrypt-issue-certificate>> step, issues a Let's Encrypt certificate request, and communicates with a Quarkus management router to have ACME challenges resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During this command, TLS registry CLI reads a Let's Encrypt account information recorded during the <<lets-encrypt-issue-certificate>> step, issues a Let's Encrypt certificate request, and communicates with a Quarkus application to have ACME challenges resolved.
```
